
E090 Error
You need the GNU cc compiler to compile GNUstep

W092 Warning
Your gcc version is not an official release and may be broken.
Particularly if you are using RedHat before 7.2 or Mandrake, you should 
upgrade gcc to a newer version.

E093 Error
It appears you are using the Apple cc compiler. The Apple compiler does
not compile GNUstep.
You need to install an FSF compiler, or make sure that the FSF 
compiler is found first in your PATH.

W101 Warning
No ld/binutils program installed. Perhaps you are on some odd system
where I cannot find this program or perhaps it's not needed on your system.
Check your operating system for information or make sure you
have installed a developer system.

W102 Warning
Make version is not recent enough or you are not using GNU
make. You may have many problems compiling and/or running GNUstep.

W103 Warning
ld/binutils version is not recent enough, on Solaris 8 or greater you
need a recent version of GNU binutils to compile GNUstep. The Solaris
ld program isn't good enough. On Solaris < 2.8 you can ignore this warning.

W104 Warning
ld/binutils version is not recent enough. Try to get a binutils version
more recent that 2.9.6

I105 Information
Could not determine binutils version. Perhaps you are working on a
system that doesn't include this information. It's probably OK to continue.

I106 Information
You have an old or nonexistent iconv implementation. iconv is not
required, but is needed for string and font encodings. It comes with
glib 2.1.2 or later.

W107 Warning
No XML library support was found. The GNUstep uses XML for many basic
functions, such as reading/writing property lists. XML will automatically
be disabled, but this is probably not what you want. If possible you should
stop installation and install an xml library.

W108 Warning
Not XSLT library was found. GNUstep base uses this library for important
functions. It is not required, however, so you can continue building
without this support.

W109 Warning 
For security reasons, your make program will not pass LD_LIBRARY_PATH
along. This might not cause any problems, but if you do encounter any
errors installing GNUstep, you may need to start again and use 
'sudo ./InstallGNUstep' or 'su root; ./InstallGNUstep'.
When installing other applications, you also may need to install
as root, or use 'sudo make LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH install'.

W110 Warning
patch program not found.  This is needed by Startup if there are problems
with packages that are being installed and need to be patched.

W125 Warning 
The OpenSSL package (libcrypto, etc) is needed to access https connections
with NSURL and for other purposes. This package is optional so you are
not required to install it.

E127 Error
No X11 libraries/headers were found for compiling GNUstep GUI. You may
have X11 installed, but not the developer packages, which are required
for compiling anything that uses X. If you are using Debian, or a similar
packaged system, try looking for help on installing developer or -dev
packages for the X11 system.

W128 Warining
The Xt developer headers were not found. On Linux this may mean that
you have not installed the libxt-dev package (Debain also needs 
xserve-xorg-dev). Please install this before proceeding.

W129 Warining
The libxext developer headers were not found. On Linux this may mean that
you have not installed the libxext-dev package 
Please install this before proceeding.

E140 Error
Unable to find integer of same size as void*. If you are porting GNUstep
to a new machine please ask for help at bug-gnustep@gnu.org

E141 Error
Unable to determine type for 16-bit integer. If you are porting GNUstep
to a new machine please ask for help at bug-gnustep@gnu.org

E142 Error
Unable to determine type for 32-bit integer. If you are porting GNUstep
to a new machine please ask for help at bug-gnustep@gnu.org

E144 Error
Unable to determine type for 32-bit float. If you are porting GNUstep
to a new machine please ask for help at bug-gnustep@gnu.org

E144 Error
Unable to determine type for 64-bit float. If you are porting GNUstep
to a new machine please ask for help at bug-gnustep@gnu.org

E150 Error
You do not have the GNU Objective-C compiler installed
Check to make sure you have a full installation of the GCC
compiler that includes the Objective-C headers and libraries

W151 Error
You do not have the GNU Objective-C headers installed.
Check to make sure you have a full installation of the GCC
compiler that includes the Objective-C headers and libraries.
Ignore this warning on MingW. The Objective-C library will be insatlled
by Startup anyway.

I190 Information
$GNUSTEP_SYSTEM_ROOT was set and has something installed there but
configure's prefix was not set to this location. I'm assuming you
want to install GNUstep somewhere else than where it is currently
installed. If not, when you run configure, set the prefix by typing
--prefix=$GNUSTEP_SYSTEM_ROOT

I199 Information
GNUstep is not installed yet. Please proceed with installation of GNUstep
as long as you have resolved other errors listed here.


W270 Warning
Cannot find or link the ffi library.
GNUstep requires the libffi library to do invocations and DO
Make sure this library is installed (see installation instructions)
In most cases, libffi will be installed for you by the GNUstep Startup
package, so you don't have to worry about it. 

E271 Error
You do not have a recent version of the libobjc library. Make sure
you have gcc installed with the objc option installed as well.

W272 Warning
You do not have a recent version of the libobjc library. Startup
will install one.

E273 Error
You have the ffcall library but it does not work properly. Probably
because you systems's security prohibits parts of ffcall from working.
We recommend you install libffi instead. See the README for more help.

E280 Error
I don't seem to be able to use your Objective-C compiler to produce
working binaries!  Please check your Objective-C compiler installation.
Either the Objective-C compiler part of gcc is not installed or the 
Objective-C library is not installed.

E281 Error
I don't seem to be able to use your Objective-C compiler to produce
working binaries!  Please check your Objective-C compiler installation.
For gcc-3.0.x make sure that your compiler's libgcc_s and libobjc
can be found by the dynamic linker - usually that requires you to add
the directory given by gcc -print-file-name=libobjc.so to your
LD_LIBRARY_PATH or /etc/ld.so.conf.
Please refer to your compiler installation instructions for more help.

W300 Warning
You seem to have installed gnustep-make, but have not sourced the
GNUstep script. Please type "source $GNUSTEP_SYSTEM_ROOT/Makefiles/GNUstep.sh"
or use GNUstep.csh on csh shells. Ignore this if you are still installing
GNUstep. 

E400 Error
Found the tiff library but not the tiff header files. Perhaps you need
to install the tiff-devel package? tiff is required to load images with 
the GNUstep gui.

E401 Error
You need to install the TIFF library (libtiff and libtiff-devel) in order
to use the GNUstep gui.

W402 Warning
Found the jpeg library but not the jpeg header files. Perhaps you need
to install the jpeg-devel package? jpeg is required to load JPEG images with 
the GNUstep gui.

W403 Warning
You need to install the JPEG library (libjpeg)) in order to load JPEG
images with the GNUstep gui.

W408 Warning
Found the png library but not the png header files. Perhaps you need
to install the png-devel package? png is used to load PNG images with 
the GNUstep gui.

W409 Warning
You need to install the PNG library (libpng) in order to load PNG
images with the GNUstep gui.

I999
End of info messages.
